So let's take a look at some reports.
Reports are what are going to be generated that I can link to the dashboards as well.
I'm going to just check one of these available reports.
So here, this gives us the data over here at the very bottom.
So your reports will contain that.
You have the option to set the time or customize it and when you click this data section,
it will take you to the exact search query.
This you can also do on the dashboard that you created but you need to enable that.
One more part that I wanted to
check with or wanted to show to you was this alert section.
When you configure an alert,
the alert will show over here.
Like it says over here,
that the alerts set a condition that trigger an action such as sending
an email that contains the result of the triggering search to a list of people.
So in a lot of companies that I've worked at usually this email is a DL or
a distribution list where an alert is sent so that anybody that
is on the DL or the distribution lists can take some action out of it.
So that's it about Splunk today.
I hope you learned something about Splunk and you're able to use it for alerts,
for creating dashboards or for doing some business analysis.
This provides good information to you for either taking
a full course of Splunk or exploring it further at your own pace.